Many people regard Jesus as the most influential person in history, but is he
Almighty God himself? Or was he simply a good man? Many people personally met
Jesus and some of their accounts are found in the Bible, revealing who Jesus
really is. For instance, an angel spoke to Jesus mother about her unborn son
and said, this one will be great and will be called son of the most high. When
Jesus was being baptized, God's own voice confirmed Jesus' identity. This is my
son, the beloved whom I have approved. What did his followers believe? When
Jesus asked who they thought he was, Peter responded. You are the Christ, the
son of the living God. What did Jesus' enemies say? Those wanting to kill him
explained why. According to the law, he ought to die because he made himself God's
son. What did Jesus himself say about his identity and relationship to God? He
told his followers, the father is greater than I am. Even after his death and
resurrection, Jesus said this about his future. I am ascending to my father and
your father and to my God and your God. The biblical record makes it clear that
Jesus is a distinct person separate from God Almighty. In fact, the Bible teaches
that although Jesus is a powerful spirit creature in heaven, he is still subject
to his God and father. Still, God has given a special assignment to his son to
bring everlasting life and happiness to all humankind just as God originally
purposed. What else does the Bible say about Jesus? Did Jesus really perform
miracles? Why did Jesus die? Will Jesus return? To learn more, search for these
topics at jw.org or fill out the online request for one of Jehovah's Witnesses
to visit at a time and place convenient for you.